[MUSIC]
Now the only issue with method
that we have left untackled yet
is how do you apply it efficiently
to the problems at a greater scale.
Now with the bicycle-riding problem, let's
say ten states and maybe four actions,
it's really probably
sufficient to solve it.
But any reinforcement
learning problem can do that.
Let's see how method actually
applies to something like steering
an autonomous self driving car, or
playing a game from a feedback.
From here, that it's no longer
possible to store a table with
action probabilities for all the possible
states, because you don't have ten states.
You have either say,
a bajillion states, or
even continuous space of states which is
even technically impossible to record.
If you can see direct camera feeds from
your robot or from your game, then you
will probably find out that the amount
of possible camera, well, camera images,
is as large as color depth, say 256
to the power of the amount of pixels.
So if it is even 100 by 100 pixels image,
which is super small,
you'll have 256 times 10,000,
which is insane.
You won't be able to record
this on any hard drive error,
or maybe you will in a few years.
Now, not only storing this
table will be impractical or
even impossible in practice.
It would also be kind of inefficient
because of how state spaces
work in complex environments.
Now we mentioned you're playing this Doom
game, and you have this camera image.
And it's probably kind of reasonable to
expect that if an agent visits this state,
say, ten times, it will reliably
tell that turning to the right and
flying subsequently is
a reasonable strategy to execute.
The only problem here is that if you
change this state ever so slightly,
say you change the health bar
of a person from 59% to say 49.
Then, the agent will have to
learn everything from scratch,
because it's now a different state,
and has not yet seen it.
Of course, it's not the case for humans.
Humans can easily generalize, and
this is a property you want from your
reinforcement learning algorithms as well.
This is where we approach the so-called
approximate reinforcement learning.
This time we don't use the tabular policy.
We don't just record all
the probabilities explicitly.
But we use some kind of
machine learning model, or
well, any model you want, to model this
probability distribution given the state.
For example, it could be a neural network.
Basically a neural network
that was previously used for
classification that will take a state,
an image, maybe apply some computational
layers if you're familiar with image
recognition with neural networks.
Then it would have output with a soft
max layer with as many units as you have
actions.
Could also use any other method.
It could be regression, any other
linear model, or a Random Forest.
Anything that can run the simulation for
you.
And since you can no longer
set the probabilities or
update them explicitly
after each iteration,
you'll have to replace this phase
with training your neural network.
Again, you play M games
in this Doom environment.
Then you select M best of them,
you call those elite games.
And then instead of recomputing
the whole table, you simply perform
several iterations of gradient descent or
building several new trees.
Well, let's consider the neural
metric option for now.
In the case of neural network,
what you do is you initialize this
neural network with random weights.
You probably remember some clever ways you
can do so from the deep learning course.
And you take this network and
use it to pick actions,
to actually place a 100 games in this Doom
environment we had in the previous slide.
Then you take again the best sessions,
several best sessions, and
you cold denote them as elite sessions.
And you train your neural network to
increase the probability of actions in
the elite sessions.
You do so the way you usually
train neural networks to classify.
You have states which are the inputs
of your neural network, and
you have the actions in the session that
serve the purpose of kind of the correct
answer, the target why,
in the supervised notation.
Now you take some kind of stochastic
[INAUDIBLE] algorithm say [INAUDIBLE], or
stochastic gradient descent or
[INAUDIBLE] proper anything.
And you perform one or several iterations
of network updates given those M
best sessions,
then you repeat the process.
Now, you can of course achieve
it in high-level frameworks, and
it looks remarkably simple.
Having neural network, and whenever you
want to update the policy provided by this
neural network, just call whatever
the training methods requires you to call,
say the feet in cyclic learn.
And you provide your elite states
as inputs to your network, and
elite actions as reference answers.
Or you can get something
more sophisticated up and
running if you utilize the particular
feats of your neural network architecture.
But this is the most simple,
kind of the bare bones algorithm that will
still work and work rather efficiently.
You'll probably see this guy in
action in the practical assignment.
Now again, the whole pipeline
has almost not changed at all.
You just sample sessions,
take several best of them.
Concatenate them into a training set and
you fit in your neural network.
And in cyclic learning,
you create a model and then you fit it.
[MUSIC]